!title EDM Rave
!id edm_rave
!created 26/2/2023

Nazil from NM got me the inside tip on EDM Rave. The IG post for simply said it was happening at a secret location. The secret location happened to be under a train. Everytime a train came over head we would cheer as it's thundering clanging drowned out the music.

I was dancing pretty hard, but the crowd was small and their were only a couple of us really going at it. Nazil didn't come after all, so instead I ended up talking to a electical engineering freshman called Victor. We even walked home together since we lived in the same direction.

I don't know why, but I sometimes like to invent altenate versions of my self while talking to new people I don't ever think I'll see again. During our first preef interation I told him I was a French exchange student and just rolled with it the rest of the night. Everything else I told him about me was basically true, with the exeption of inventing on time where I slept at the richmond bart station waiting for the first amtrak train in the morning.

This time thought it might back fire on me. At the end he asked for my IG and I even told him about NM so we will see what happens.

The good news, is he was a chill and interesting dude. His hobby was collection and cataloging digial music files. His specialty was rare 2010's emo music. He would fine them from long forgoten website or download them from peer-to-peer file sharing system (usally not torent, but other less know things). He then also hosted them. Apparently he has a couple thousand albums hosted!