!title Mental Disorders
!id mental_disorders
!created 26/2/2023

I personally identify as Dyslexic. I find it a usefull label for multiple reasons, by a major one is that it provides both an excuse when I forgot someones name (or do something else dumb) and an reason for them to be empethic with me.

I think this it's a shame that people need this. Their are two factors that make up a person: nature and nurture; and we don't controle either.

At their best I think mental disorders are a way society to put people in boxs to help explain their behavior to them selves and other. (not including the clincal uses, I'm not a therapist and will not comment one that aspect) This can be helpfull for people to be emethic towards themseves and others. But what if we could be maximally empathic to everyone?

Being maximally empathic to everyone carries some immediately problems: "It's okay he hates the jew. Nature and nurture, what are you gonna do *shurg*" I think their are some way to deal with theses problems will still remaining maximally empathic (ex: no longer association with people who hurt you).

But, we can't just let the worst parts of humanity grow unchallenged. Both in society and within individuals. How do you balance fighting back against negative traits against simple accepting them? I wish I knew, but I think society would be better if we tended more towards empathy, espcally for things that don't hurt other people as much.

All this to say, please be gentle with I'm certain the many spelling mistakes I haven't caught in the making of this blog. 