!title To Edit or not to Edit, That is the Question
!id to_edit_or_not_to_edit
!created 24/2/2023

Should I allow myself to edit post after they are made?

Pros:
- I have a tendency to go back and try to improve things rather than make something new. This would force me to <a href="#first_post">keep moving forwards</a>. For example: I edited the <a href="#date_format">previous post</a> so many times. I don't want to keep on revisiting it forever.
- It forces me to keep the past around if I don't edit. Otherwise I'll keep everything in line with my current thinking and lose a connection with my past self.

Cons:
- I wouldn't be able to improve or update documents where that might be a good idea. For example: I want to make a post about my philosophy for charity. I feel like that is something that will change a lot in the future. I'd like to be able to keep it up to date. Similar idea for a resume.
- What if someone points out a spelling mistake? 

Here's what I'm thinking: I allow myself unlimited ability to edit withing 24 hours-ish of creating a new post. After that I can only make edits for small things that don't change the meaning or character of a post (But even that I'm uncertain about. I think my spelling mistakes can be charming and add character). If I want to make big changes/updates I'll implements a versioning system to make it easy to go back and see previous iterations.

Luckily, I'm using <a href="https://github.com/FelixMo42/felixmo42.github.io">github for this blog</a>, so if I or someone else really want's to know the dates they can dig through the commit history.

If I change my mind I'll come back and edit this post. Or not edit it, depending on what choice I make.