!title Gratitude Journal #1
!id gratitude_journal_1
!created 3/4/2023

Today started a little slow, but oh boy did it pick up.

Things that made me happy today (in roughly chronological order):
- The outfit I was wearing made me feel like a swashbuckling adventure when I went for a walk. (Ashs orage pants + summer hat + corduroy jacket).
- I heared a homeless guy talking about chat gtp in a very exited very british accent.
- I saw some where a backpacking backpack on a tiny electric bike playing a ukulele or some similar instrument.
- Ash and I had a good time sorting and packing up upper crust. Pushing the big noise plater of bread to the freedge is my favorite part.
- While I was doing the co-ho pick up on campus I just happened to run into Eli and we had a damn good conversation.
- How To with John Wilson is fantastic. I saw episode 2-6 of season 2.
- Ash sent me a very sweet message.
- I watched the first episode of season three of survivor with Miles and Eli. We again had a great conversation.
- I got excelent advice of how to harness creativity by James Drips (A man with a fantastic name, and even better dog (with an even better name, Gater)). He recomended writing for 1 hour every monday even if you just write "i'm bored" the whole time. I'll try doing 30 an hour every day.
- I asked damn good questions at NM. There was a huge line for the chipotle food. I asked most people about their dreams. Lots of good awnsers. One of them told me about a journaling club they do. Sounds like a very fun idea. Conclusion: I should ask people more interesting questions.
- I saw someone riding a vespa.
- I walked home dancing and singing along to Santiago. At the interesection befor the tunel some guys in a pickup started chearing for me.
- I thought about my failing today, wished I had picked up more garbage, then saw a plastic bag and proceded to pick up some grabage.
- Due to inperation of Mr. Drips + Journal club guy I'm writing this now.

Bonus thing: Didn't happened today, but it still bring my joy when I think about it. I saw <a href="https://apnews.com/article/light-streaks-california-space-debris-8eb4255b48ad7eabb6b09ec4cfb0a170">deorbiting space debris</a> a couple of fridays ago. It was one of the most magical things I've ever scene. The next day on a trash pick up sponsored by a blunt company with Ash and Maggie I saw a coyote. 10/10 weekend.