!title Taosim + Utilitaramsim
!id taosim_plus_utilitaramsim
!created 5/4/2023
!updated 12/4/2023

[Still a draft!]

Taosim is in a sense a refusal to do the utilitarian calculus. Or, more charitably, have the humility to realize we lack the knowledge to ever make them in the first place.  Or or, more interestingly, doing the calculation, and coming to the conclusion the best outcome is not to calculate in the first place.

The next three paragraphs will address each of theses sentences in order.

"Taosim is in a sense a refusal to do the utilitarian calculus." One of tenents of Taosim is that everybad thing is actually good. Ie: Allways a silver lining, but brough to it's extreme. Something along the line of beliving god always has a plan. Beliving everything the happens is ultimitly for the better. This used to annoy me a lot when people did this, cause obviously some outcomes are better than other, but I've since come to respect acting as if that's not true.

"Or, more charitably, have the humility to realize we lack the knowledge to ever make them in the first place." The world is an unfatamably complicated place. We can't know how everything will turn out.

"Or or, more interestingly, doing the calculation, and coming to the conclusion the best outcome is not to calculate in the first place." Would we be happier if we treated every possible outcome with indifrence?

TODO: This needs a lot of clean up and editing.

EDIT: I don't feel like finishing this, so instead I'll apply sorta what I'm think about in this post to this post. Stressing over cleaning this up is a stress factor on my life, if I didn't care about finishing it I would be happyier. I stress over finishing it beacause I think that would lead to better outcomes in the future. But I don't know that for a fact. Most likely there will be no outcome. There a possibility that some one will think less of me for not finishing this, but also the possibility that someone will find me not finishing charming. In conclusion: I'm gonna spend any time figuring out whats more likely, and just accept not finishing this post.