!title Utopia
!id utopia
!created 12/4/2023

PRE NOTE: I created this at some point when I was in Denver. I don't remeber when. This seemed like a good place to put it.

The world woke up this morning tired. Tired of all the limits they had put on them selves. Tired of all the work they forced each other to do. Tired of all the evil that had to be ignored.

Crowds gathered in the streets. Together they sang and danced all day. Reveling in tradtions of old, modern and invented.

Of course, there were still some things that needed to be done. Doctores and nurses still had people to take care of. But even there, they found there burden vastily reduced.

They were shocked at how empty the hospital was. There were no cars on the streets to hit people. The hungry and cold were invited in by neibors or took over empty aparments. But perhaps the most significant was the lack of stress. Few people had relized just how anxious they were, or how big of a health problem that caused.

Still, people felt for the people forced to work on such a joyous day. More and more people stremed in to help how they could. Each of the sick could got all the attention they needed.

Kids didn't go to school. Instead they roved the streets in packs, playing great games accross the city.

The world fell asleep peacfull and happy that night. Many had there first good night of sleep in years. When they awoke the next morning food was the matter of discussion.

There had been no shiping or deliveries yesterday, and no farming as all the farmers had joined the festivites. Some set to work, at there own leasure, making farms in every yard across the world. Other journed to the country side to help the farms.

The young and fit took the task of local deliveries. The biked or walked up to local farms to gather food and bring it back to the cities or other places who need it. Restaurants had all closed, but thoes who enjoyed cooking took them over. They made meals just for them selves, or in great batches to feed the public.

Doctors were suprised to see even less people show up today. They were eating healther, and living healther lives. Mental health was still a problem, but the new socal and friendly way of the world was helping more then they ever could. There were still a few drug related imisions, but not as many. Clean needles were available to all who wanted them, and people supported thoses adicted. The stigma and violence soronding them was gone. They made sure they didnt overdose and helped them get off the drugs if the wished. Others tried them for the first time in there lives.

By the end of the month food was a solved problem. People who could and wanted to helped at the local garden and farms. Many out in the middle of nowhere were abondoned to nature. The farms travaling where they pleased. Some liked where they were and small self-sufficient rural communities arose.

Students had gotten a vacation, but learning was still needed. Debates were held in the street about what this should look like. Children were encouraged to voice there input. Only one thing could be agreed open, the previous way did not work. Instread they broken up into smaller learning comunties.

The most popular way was to learn be doing. Kids would join in on various task and would be tought how to do them. It was important that there were not told what to do, but did it because they wanted too. Many who had hated school found they had a pansion for learning.

Parents found they finally had time to take care of there children. Still, a small child is hard with even two. Familes of all sorts, single parents, couples and even polycules joined togher to help each other raised the kids. The orphanges were emptied and the kids where welcomed with open arms into whatever communities they wished.

Still, there was one problem, infrastucture. The small stuff was allright. People enjoyed tinkering, mechanics or building things where taught by thoses who know how. Whenever a cabinate, window, or furnace broke there were allways people happy to help fix it.

The problem were roads, the electic grid and water. Luckily the need for theses had been drastically reduced. Cars had mostly been abolshed.

All available solar panals had been put to use. Most industry had been stoped. People find they didnt really need all the junk that was bein made. Transportaion was much less need. Most of intenet lay abandond. The parts used for comunication and entertainment were stiped of the ads, tracking and algorythims. With out these, humanity had cut it power consumtion by more than half.

For local garndens and farms people used gray water from there houses. They also set up barels to collect from the roofs. Again water use was more than halfed globally.

Still, there was some need for theses public utilities. Some, were considered to much work to maintain. Power lines running throught distant forest, coal plants and gas plants were shut down. Ones in cities or populated areas were taken care of by its denizines. For thoses father away occasional travel groups would be orgonized to inspect and repair them. Many found a love for this sort of traval life style and were welcomed with warmless and well fed whereever they went.

Even with the drastically reduced consumption, goods started to run out. Factories had been abandoned, but even it they weren't, global shipping had stoped. There were still many avid pilots and captains who were happy transport the truly essential items that couldnt be made locally. People flocked around the factories that were still open and start producing what was needed.

Even once the world had found it self in a stable state, people had unpresedented amount of leasure time. The science and arts flurished. People who had wanted to try their hand at either, finally got the opportunity. Thoses allredy expirenced got the reasorces and freedom to let out their creativty and ingenuity. High cost blockbusters became much rarer, but they weren't much missed.