!title 80000h #149
!id 80000h_149
!created 12/4/2023

I want to start doing right ups after each episode of 80,000 Hours. Its a pod cast that I'm a big fan of, and they don't publish to often so I think it should be feasible. I higly recomend people check it out.

This episode was intervewing a psychologist. My favorite sections we're about CBT and stoicism. I rate the episode very highly, I think I'll be thinking about what it said for a very long time. It's 3 hours long, so I'll limit my writing to a few things, but I found almost the whole thing facinating.

Section #1, CBT:

The basic idea of CBT, as I understand it, is too apply the scientifc method to your own thoughts and impulses.

What came to mind was my advension to take up peoples attention. Ash really revealed to me the lengths I was willing to go to not message somebody. I like talking to people, this is more routed in a fear of bothering them.

Two things: telling someones emortions are basically imposible, so I should just ask people. I'm thinking starting with Eli cause I think that would be really interesting discussion and Eli is Eli. The second is to recognize the discomfort, but not let in conrolle me. Also according to this episode exposure thearapy for this kinda thing really does work. So I should register and even talk about the discofort, but not let it stop me.

Section #2, Stoicism:

Definitly a lot of complementary stuff here with my interest it Toasim, but also very diffrent.

One of the big things they talk about is Virtues.

Utilitarism is hard, we can't do all the calucation everytime. The solution I'd heard to this is think hard to come up with some good rules, then just mostly live be them. That way you have easy guidlines to act with out having to think to hard for most situations.

This episode argued that Virtures (ie: character traits) are a better way to do this. One big reason is rules feel restrictive and harm mental health, where as virtues are more positive and can be a great help to mental health. For example: I think one of the core virutes for me would be empathy. Now since I'm striving to be empithetic when someone is an asshole to me it's good since I can't practice empathy and get better at empathy.

I've definitly felt somethings like this before where I feel the joy of working to expand, and its some on the best feeling in the world. I want to cultivate this even more in me. That way hopefully even when I fail I see that as an oppertunity to get better at it and take solace and joy.

One of the privious episodes they had was about motivation and happiness as well. They talked about for making routines having positive rewards after you fail is important and one the better things that can be done for long term behavior change.

I've got a great feeling.

PS: I'm really sorry to anyone who reads this stuff. It's more of a scarch pad for my thoughts than anything really meant to be read. I'm not sure why I put this online.