!title The SCUM Manifesto
!id the_scum_manifesto
!created 29/4/2023

Many people have already criticized this text, and generally I agree with the gender abolitionist critics of it.  The core of sexism is the artificial divide held up between men and women.  The best way to improve society, I think, is through gender equality and not by murdering all men.

That being said, I think they’re were some interesting ideas hit on in the text.

The first of them is Valerie's perspective on passivity vs initiative. In her gender essentialist way, she claims that Men are inherently passive and women are more active, in opposition to standard gender roles. Interestingly this seems to happen a lot, she seems to highly value many of the traditionally masculine traits and simply claim them as female (ie: rationality or strength of will).

I have noticed that many people (both men & women), do seem to easily fall into a passive way of being. One side, this does make you a more amiable people pleasing person, but as she seems to focus on, it can also make you less interesting. No point here, just found it interesting.

But, the part I found most interesting was her theory of change. On the topic of passivity, she claims that dropping out of the system (as opposed to active resistance) simply helps bolster it. She seems to hold a special hatred for hippies and communes

For active resistance she urges against strikes or civil disobedience. She claims that they simply agitate for reform of the current system, rather than destruction and replacement, which I suppose is true. MLK didn’t want to overthrow the government, and if he did, his tactics wouldn’t be very effective at it. This got me to think more about what tactics I think would be good for various ends.

The last thing I would like to touch on is her hatred of sex. She seems to think that women are asexual by nature and that they have only been conditioned to be sexual by men. This includes lesbians. She thinks they are a step in the right direction, but ultimately still play by the rules of men.  She also hates Art and most other pleasurable things.

RANDOM TANGENT: I think you can draw an interesting parallel between sexism and racism using the lens of Segregationists vs Assimilationists vs Antiracists put forward by Ibram X. Kendi in Stamped from the beginning (or at least that is where I know it from). (TODO: Make this parallel)