# 2023/6/5

Welcome to the inaugural weekly Night Market news letter! This is an expirement too see if we would be interested in having a news letter and if so, what kinda stuff would people be interested in hearing about. So, if you have ideas, suggestions, or want to help, please reach out! (our email is nightmarket@freedge.org, I'm not sure how widly this will be distributed)

School is getting out, and summer is starting in earnest!

This comes with it's challenges 
- No more dinning commons or coho after next week :(
- Many of our volenteers are leaving for the summer, or some even for good (farewell Emmet, you will be missed)

But with challenge comes oppertunity. The pleasent summer evenings are already bringing in a new people eager to step in. And with more time on our hands, what new restaurants could we bring in?

Is that not enough oppertunity for you? Here's a sneak peak at fun stuff coming up soon: 
- We got given <a href="https://discord.com/channels/1036777702302158908/1045551946704113735/1115037311420354621">hydroponics</a> tower and figuring out what to do with it!
- There's gonna be some permanent storage for Night Market at the frat accross the street coming soon.

## Caspian's polls

Caspian ran two polls earlier this week on <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe3B0BY5TUe8Irv3mS8kuw8gru83JGThKAnQYUvkNYJzDaUBQ/viewform">increasing meeting turn out</a> and <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSetYK1hTqYiENvVQhK6uUcli8UUT58FZIMPkrZn3nvPrNMDQA/viewform">experiences with conflict at Night Market</a>. (Its not too late if you haven't responded yet!)

Here's what they've uncovered so far: for the safety one, people definitely want more lights and more people at the market and for the meeting one, it seems like most people can come to discord meetings on the weekends, but we need to advertise them better.